support multiple architectures (e.g. SSE, AVX) in the same executable… (#118)
jatinchowdhury18/RTNeural: RTNeural/CMakeLists.txt

    INTERFACE
        ..
)

> target_compile_definitions(RTNeural
>     PRIVATE
>         RTNEURAL_NAMESPACE=RTNeural
> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(RTNEURAL_NAMESPACE "RTNeural" CACHE STRING "Namespace to use for RTNeural code")
target_compile_definitions(RTNeural
    PUBLIC
        RTNEURAL_NAMESPACE=${RTNEURAL_NAMESPACE}
)

```
I was thinking it might make sense to do this through a CMake variable, just to be a little more transparent?
I think I'd also prefer the namespace definition to be public so that user-space code can also use `RTNEURAL_NAMESPACE` if needed, but maybe that could cause other issues?
